Don't use unqualified using and update README.dev.md with guidelines (#533)
TulipaEnergy/TulipaEnergyModel.jl: README.dev.md

After building, the documentation will be available in the folder `docs/build/`.
Open the `index.html` file on the browser to see it.

## Code format and guidelines

This section will list the guidelines for code formatting **not enforced** by [JuliaFormatter](.JuliaFormatter.toml).

> We will try to follow these developing and reviewing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will try to follow these during development and reviews.
```
